There's an emergency at home, I'll go first
If Qiao Jixiang threatens you, you can tell him
Although the Xiao Group has a head in the country
But it's still no match for my Lu family
You don't have to be afraid of him
Decoration Group
Is he the president of Xiang's Group?
How is that possible?
The president doesn't have a penny on him
The president's driver is about the same, right?
Since Luzawa is gone
There's no point in me staying here
Go home
What is your relationship with the fifth young master of the Lu family?
They're just friends.
How can you be friends with anyone?
I heard that Lu Zechuan is short-tempered and has a strange personality.
You are far from this kind of person
He's a nice guy.
It's not as scary as you say